#summary Droid Wall change log
#labels Featured

= Droid Wall change log =

*Droid Wall v1.4.0* - _Next release (Under development)_
  * Added widget to easily enable/disable the firewall from home :)
  * Improved "reading installed applications" performance by caching the necessary data (only the first load after installing will still be slow).
  * Fixed compatibility with many devices.
  * Better compatibility with some "Superuser Permissions" versions.

*Droid Wall v1.3.7* - April/28/2010 _(Latest version)_
  * Only show "Internet-enabled" applications in the list.
  * Added per-application independent interface selection. You can now allow some applications to use only Wi-fi while others can use both Wi-fi and 3G, for example. Thanks to Adrian Pasvante.
  * Fix a problem restoring rules at startup by storing only the application UID. This has a possible side-effect if you remove and install many applications since the UID might be reused, but the benefit seems worth the risk on this case. Thanks to Adrian Pasvante.

*Droid Wall v1.3.6* - January/14/2010
  * Much faster rules restore on reboot - fixes "not responding" and force close on start up
  * It is now possible to completely disable the firewall functionality (and it won't re-enable on reboot). Check the new "Disable Firewall" menu item
  * Removed the "Purge Rules" menu item (replaced by the new "Disable Firewall")
  * If you receive an error during the update, please uninstall the previous version and try again

*Droid Wall v1.3.5* - September/10/2009
  * Tests are now being performed on Cyanogen's ROM
  * Added "Media server" to the applications list. This process is used to download media in the background. This fixes You-Tube for Cyanogen users.

*Droid Wall v1.3.4* - September/10/2009
  * Added "(Applications running as root)" to the applications list. This fixes problems with some applications (such as You-tube) that download things as root.

*Droid Wall v1.3.3* - August/10/2009
  * Increased timeouts for root commands.

*Droid Wall v1.3.2* - August/03/2009
  * Bug fix: Droid Wall was blocking DHCP requests when "White listing" Wi-fi.

*Droid Wall v1.3.1* - August/03/2009
  * Added optional password protection lock
  * Added network interfaces selection (2G/3G, Wi-fi, Both)
  * Added "White list" or "Black list" operation mode
  * Added a protection against getting "stuck" while running *su*
  * Much better help dialog :)
  * Minor performance enhancements
  * Reduced application size by removing unnecessary images

*Droid Wall v1.3.0* - July/29/2009
  * Better handling of root commands and errors
  * Removed temporary shell script for a better compatibility with some ROMs. All root commands are now executed through a shell session
  * Added root permission check before executing commands, giving a much better message to the user when root access cannot be acquired
  * Added specific iptables error verification, informing the user why it has failed and how to fix the problem if possible
  * Added a verification and warning when the "Wireless Tether for Root Users" application is installed, since Droid Wall may conflict with it.
  * Minor performance enhancements

*Droid Wall v1.2* - July/28/2009
  * Added error detection while applying iptable rules. The ouput will be displayed on a dialog box to help tracking the problem
  * Minor performance improvements

*Droid Wall v1.1* - July/27/2009
  * Better help instructions